albums.md, before:

# Albums

### Heard
----------
| Artist  | Album  | Recommended by | Rating   |
|---|---|---|---|
|  Arcade Fire | Neon Bible  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Lauryn Hill | Miseducation  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Nas | Illmatic  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Joy Division | Unknown Pleasures  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Radiohead | OK Computer  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Ra Ra Riot | The Orchard  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star:|
|   |   |   |

### Recommended
----------
| Artist  | Album  | Recommended by |
|---|---|---|
| Brand New  |  The Devil and God are raging inside me. |  @gotbadger |
| Wugazi | 13 chambers | @gotbadger |
| Ladytron | Gravity the Seducer | @gotbadger |
| Porter Robinson | Worlds | @antn |
| Knife Party | Abandon Ship | @antn |
| Bad Religion | Stranger Than Fiction | @willishq |
| The Damned | Damned Damned Damned | @willishq |
| Dead Kennedys | Fresh Fruit For Rotting Vegetables | @willishq |
| The Descendents | Milo Goes To College | @willishq |
| The Adolescents | The Adolescents | @willishq |
| Polysics | Polysics or Die!!!! | @willishq |
| Rich Kids On LSD | Rock N Roll Nightmare | @willishq |
| | | |

Commit message:

Added six more
I could have added a lot more Bowie albums and the second Specials album but decided not to.

albums.md, after:

# Albums

### Heard
----------
| Artist  | Album  | Recommended by | Rating   |
|---|---|---|---|
|  Arcade Fire | Neon Bible  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Lauryn Hill | Miseducation  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Nas | Illmatic  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Joy Division | Unknown Pleasures  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Radiohead | OK Computer  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star::star:|
|  Ra Ra Riot | The Orchard  |  @samlambert | :star::star::star::star:|
|   |   |   |

### Recommended
----------
| Artist  | Album  | Recommended by |
|---|---|---|
| Brand New  |  The Devil and God are raging inside me. |  @gotbadger |
| Wugazi | 13 chambers | @gotbadger |
| Ladytron | Gravity the Seducer | @gotbadger |
| Porter Robinson | Worlds | @antn |
| Knife Party | Abandon Ship | @antn |
| Bad Religion | Stranger Than Fiction | @willishq |
| The Damned | Damned Damned Damned | @willishq |
| Dead Kennedys | Fresh Fruit For Rotting Vegetables | @willishq |
| The Descendents | Milo Goes To College | @willishq |
| The Adolescents | The Adolescents | @willishq |
| Polysics | Polysics or Die!!!! | @willishq |
| Rich Kids On LSD | Rock N Roll Nightmare | @willishq |
| The Specials | The Specials | @willishq |
| David Bowie | Hunky Dory | @willishq |
| David Bowie | The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars  | @willishq |
| David Bowie | Diamond Dogs | @willishq |
| Stevie Wonder | Songs in the Key of Life | @willishq |
| Minor Threat | Minor Threat | @willishq |
